# CategorizerThis is a Spring Boot application that implements the product requirements as documented in the "Data Processor" specifications.# Installation## Requirements* JDK 1.8 preferably Update 92* Maven 2 3.2* Web Browser supporting Backbone.js JavaScript framework## BuildExecute the following:    mvn clean installwhich will also run the integration tests.## RunExecute the following:    cd aggregator    mvn spring-boot:runor    cd aggregator/target    java -jar aggregator-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar    ## REST EndpointsThe following SPA web applications will allow interaction with services:* [Swagger UI](http://localhost:8008/swagger-ui/index.html): pre-configured to access the REST APIs of this Spring Boot application* [HAL Browser](http://localhost:8008/hal-browser/browser.html): allows interaction with JPA repositories ### Notes* The 'bulk' PUT operation accepts JSON that is in the format of the example file 'data.json'.* Swagger sometimes does not generate the proper swagger.json documents for REST parameters.# ArchitectureThe core of this application is a relational database that contains the categories and subcategories in a one-to-many relationship.  It ismonolithic in nature given that deployment strategy, and thus not horizontally scalable.  The following are the modules of the application:  <table>  <tr>      <th align="left">Module</td>      <th align="left">Description</td>  </tr>  <tr>      <td>parent</td>      <td>the parent POM</td>  </tr>  <tr>      <td>framework</td>      <td>utility and framework classes</td>  </tr>  <tr>      <td>persistence</td>      <td>the repository that is by default configured for Hypersonic SQL in memory database; REST enabled, and stateful by the virtue      of the in-memory database</td>  </tr>  <tr>      <td>aggregator</td>      <td>exposes REST API, is stateless, contains the business logic, and consumes persistence services</td>  </tr></table>In order to scale this application, the aggregator and persistence modules will need to be separated enabling multiple aggregator instancesstood up, all configured to connect to one persistence module.  Since the persistence module is REST enabled, minimaleffort is required to perform this separation.  However, to ideally take advantage of a true scalable architecture, the persistence module needsto take advantage of a scalable repository that is designed for non-monolithic, and non-single-point-of-failure deployment such as MongoDB or Hadoop.  Andfurthermore, the clients of the API will need a microservices type HA and discovery infrastructure to access the horizontally scaled aggregator layer.  Zookeeper is such a infrastructure.  Thus the ideal physical deployment model is multi-node persistence deployment fronted by a multi-nodeaggregator deployment.# Monitoring## LogsMonitoring the logs can be accomplished by stacks such as ELK (Elastic Search, Logstash, Kibana).## ApplicationAt a minimum, the JDK 'jconsole' can monitor JMX components of the Spring Boot application.  But an enterprise class tool such as Introscope or AppDynamics will enable a wealth of monitoring, analytics, and alerting capabilities.